He's a gun-slinging day-dreaming paramedic fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's an all-American Amish jungle king for the 21st century. 
He's a time-tossed neurotic card sharp haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's an ungodly Jewish paranormal investigator for the 21st century. 
He's an all-American devious rock star on the run. 
He's a gun-slinging drug-addicted vampire hunter with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a genetically engineered Catholic assassin haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's an old-fashioned umbrella-wielding paranormal investigator with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a lounge-singing skateboarding inventor haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a scarfaced coffee-fuelled dwarf looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a fast talking amnesiac astronaut on the edge. 
He's a jaded devious boxer  
He's a leather-clad ninja firefighter searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's an uncontrollable ninja photographer with no name. 
He's a scarfaced Jewish master criminal who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a lounge-singing alcoholic shaman who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's an immortal neurotic ex-con with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's a hate-fuelled one-eyed photographer from the 'hood. 
He's a superhumanly strong Amish stage actor looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a genetically engineered crooked shaman gone bad. 
He's a globe-trotting ninja senator haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's a lounge-singing native American cat burglar looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's an impetuous chivalrous jungle king with nothing left to lose. 
He's a jaded albino cop haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a shy playboy cat burglar with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's a shy shark-wrestling cowboy in a wheelchair. 
He's an uncontrollable playboy card sharp with no name. 
He's an old-fashioned ninja romance novelist with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a scrappy shark-wrestling boxer on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a time-tossed shark-wrestling Green Beret from a doomed world. 
He's a witless crooked Green Beret haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an ungodly flyboy sorceror on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a fast talking day-dreaming paranormal investigator from the Mississippi delta. 
He's an uncontrollable vegetarian dwarf who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a fiendish dishevelled senator with a secret. 
He's a notorious soccer-playing paramedic with a secret. 
He's a leather-clad Amish librarian from the 'hood. 
He's a leather-clad Jewish waffle chef on a mission from God. 
He's an underprivileged misogynist dwarf who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a scarfaced drug-addicted grifter trapped in a world he never made. 
He's a fiendish neurotic Green Beret whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a scarfaced drug-addicted librarian possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's a jaded voodoo gentleman spy searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a genetically engineered Republican barbarian with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's an uncontrollable umbrella-wielding farmboy from the 'hood. 
He's an old-fashioned Republican card sharp on the edge. 
He's a jaded gay rock star with a secret. 
He's a Nobel prize-winning native American grifter with nothing left to lose. 
He's an oversexed playboy astronaut on his last day in the job. 
He's a lonely pirate werewolf on a mission from God. 
He's a short-sighted playboy photographer living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a bookish drug-addicted farmboy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's an all-American moralistic hairdresser who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a genetically engineered alcoholic cat burglar with a secret.
He's a superhumanly strong native American paramedic who believes he can never love again.
He's a scarfaced albino dwarf who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a witless bohemian Green Beret on the wrong side of the law.
He's a globe-trotting zombie jungle king on the wrong side of the law.
He's an oversexed bohemian Green Beret with nothing left to lose.
He's a world-famous guitar-strumming paramedic fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a scrappy ninja cowboy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
He's an unconventional overambitious paranormal investigator on a mission from God.
He's a maverick moralistic waffle chef fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a genetically engineered ninja messiah on his last day in the job.
He's an underprivileged moralistic werewolf fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's an impetuous day-dreaming ex-con who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an obese overambitious boxer from the Mississippi delta.
He's an impetuous umbrella-wielding dog-catcher on a search for his missing sister.
He's a scrappy bohemian gangster whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a benighted skateboarding barbarian on a search for his missing sister.
He's a Nobel prize-winning soccer-playing gentleman spy from the 'hood.
He's an otherworldly crooked cat burglar on his last day in the job.
He's a suicidal native American sorceror who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a scrappy albino hairdresser looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a benighted arachnophobic vampire hunter on the run.
He's a maverick Jewish waffle chef on the run.
He's a suicidal misogynist master criminal on the edge.
He's an ungodly bohemian vagrant who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a bookish gay cowboy searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a benighted vegetarian hairdresser from the Mississippi delta.
He's a globe-trotting one-eyed cowboy 
He's an ungodly crooked cat burglar whom everyone believes is mad.
He's an obese sweet-toothed gentleman spy moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a fiendish drug-addicted astronaut on his last day in the job.
He's a notorious Republican firefighter who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a benighted neurotic shaman who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an immortal soccer-playing messiah with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a fiendish gay firefighter living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an ungodly ninja ex-con in a wheelchair.
He's a genetically engineered white trash househusband with no name.
He's a hate-fuelled gay photographer from a doomed world.
He's a jaded small-town rock star on his last day in the job.
He's an oversexed small-town assassin with acid for blood.
He's a globe-trotting shark-wrestling househusband 
He's a Nobel prize-winning neurotic cowboy haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a jaded vegetarian rock star on a mission from God.
He's a maverick crooked househusband with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a scrappy one-eyed gangster from the Mississippi delta.
He's an unconventional devious card sharp who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a scrappy soccer-playing senator on the edge.
He's a scarfaced soccer-playing card sharp from a doomed world.
He's an immortal native American messiah with a secret.
He's a one-legged small-town waffle chef on a search for his missing sister.
He's a globe-trotting misogynist sorceror on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a globe-trotting voodoo filmmaker in a wheelchair.
He's an ungodly small-town master criminal plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a shy amnesiac card sharp on his last day in the job.
He's a suicidal Jewish dwarf possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a witless neurotic messiah haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an oversexed overambitious househusband 
He's a hate-fuelled devious romance novelist 
He's a globe-trotting flyboy vagrant in a wheelchair.
He's a fast talking guerilla stage actor who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a maverick drug-addicted Green Beret who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an oversexed albino romance novelist on the wrong side of the law.
He's a Nobel prize-winning white trash cop in a wheelchair.
He's a gun-slinging sweet-toothed cop from the 'hood.
He's a world-famous day-dreaming gangster living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a Nobel prize-winning umbrella-wielding cyborg in a wheelchair.
He's an ungodly pirate senator gone bad.
He's an obese hunchbacked cop with a secret.
He's a short-sighted crooked librarian on the wrong side of the law.
He's a short-sighted small-town shaman possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's an ungodly guitar-strumming librarian who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a scarfaced Republican senator who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a scarfaced overambitious boxer with a passion for fast cars.
He's a time-tossed day-dreaming paranormal investigator looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's an ungodly voodoo assassin on a mission from God.
He's a maverick devious shaman whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a suicidal shark-wrestling vampire hunter with nothing left to lose.
He's a Nobel prize-winning vegetarian jungle king on the run.
He's an immortal soccer-playing sorceror looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a shy bohemian senator searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a bookish guitar-strumming photographer from the Mississippi delta.
He's a maverick dishevelled astronaut gone bad.
He's a shy alcoholic librarian from the 'hood.
He's a short-sighted misogynist cyborg looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a fiendish neurotic assassin on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a lonely devious astronaut trapped in a world he never made.
He's an uncontrollable Republican dog-catcher trapped in a world he never made.
He's a scarfaced ninja gentleman spy whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a hate-fuelled arachnophobic paramedic plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a notorious ninja assassin possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a jaded overambitious assassin who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an underprivileged skateboarding werewolf 
He's an otherworldly small-town dwarf possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a short-sighted guerilla vagrant haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a scrappy shark-wrestling househusband moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a war-weary crooked card sharp living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an unconventional devious librarian trapped in a world he never made.
He's a suicidal ninja master criminal moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's a maverick crooked ex-con possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
He's an impetuous arachnophobic househusband who believes he can never love again
He's a fast talking flyboy master criminal on the edge
He's an underprivileged playboy grifter living undercover at Ringling Bros
He's a bookish crooked hairdresser from the 'hood
He's an immortal Catholic farmboy with a secret
He's a one-legged bohemian househusband on the edge
He's an old-fashioned Republican senator from the Mississippi delta
He's a genetically engineered amnesiac hairdresser in drag
He's an all-American hunchbacked ex-con on a mission from God
He's a globe-trotting Republican vampire hunter with nothing left to lose
He's a fast talking playboy master criminal who dotes on his loving old ma
He's a gun-slinging native American filmmaker with acid for blood
He's a short-sighted albino gentleman spy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
He's a deeply religious amnesiac boxer who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's a superhumanly strong skateboarding rock star moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's an otherworldly ninja firefighter who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's a maverick guerilla cat burglar on a search for his missing sister
He's a fiendish Jewish Green Beret on a mission from God
He's a fast talking Jewish stage actor with a passion for fast cars
He's a benighted guitar-strumming sorceror on the edge
He's a shy moralistic dog-catcher who believes he can never love again
He's a globe-trotting bohemian Green Beret from the Mississippi delta
He's a notorious flyboy cyborg who believes he can never love again
He's a suicidal guitar-strumming waffle chef haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's a world-famous Catholic vampire hunter who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's a scrappy devious vampire hunter haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's a scarfaced pirate paranormal investigator from a doomed world
He's a deeply religious Jewish cyborg haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's an underprivileged amnesiac cyborg from the 'hood
He's a lonely flyboy boxer looking for 'the Big One
He's a globe-trotting Amish househusband haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's an unconventional sweet-toothed photographer with no name
He's a globe-trotting neurotic gangster from the Mississippi delta
He's a globe-trotting one-eyed filmmaker looking for 'the Big One
He's a sword-wielding white trash rock star who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's an otherworldly umbrella-wielding assassin on the edge
He's a fiendish overambitious stage actor who must take medication to keep him sane
He's a suave Republican grifter with a passion for fast cars
He's a short-sighted pirate waffle chef with a secret
He's an obese amnesiac househusband for the 21st century
He's a fast talking alcoholic romance novelist with acid for blood
He's a shy small-town dog-catcher haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's a jaded zombie waffle chef with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's a lounge-singing amnesiac barbarian from a doomed world
He's a globe-trotting guitar-strumming paramedic who dotes on his loving old ma
He's a one-legged Amish barbarian haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a witless neurotic card sharp in drag
He's a fast talking alcoholic waffle chef with acid for blood
He's a superhumanly strong devious photographer with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
He's a lounge-singing drug-addicted grifter who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's a fiendish pirate stage actor with a passion for fast cars
He's an old-fashioned vegetarian jungle king plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
He's an immortal gay hairdresser haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's a benighted chivalrous househusband from the 'hood
He's a time-tossed chivalrous messiah on a search for his missing sister
He's a benighted alcoholic boxer with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
He's an all-American soccer-playing master criminal trapped in a world he never made
He's an obese Catholic barbarian with a passion for fast cars
He's a benighted sweet-toothed gangster searching for his wife's true killer
He's a maverick gay hairdresser fleeing from a secret government programme
He's a Nobel prize-winning chivalrous photographer in drag
He's a Nobel prize-winning playboy assassin with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's a genetically engineered moralistic rock star who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's a leather-clad sweet-toothed master criminal on the edge
He's an oversexed small-town vagrant with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's a witless neurotic cop on a mission from God
He's a hate-fuelled white trash cyborg with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's an oversexed chivalrous firefighter on a mission from God
He's a deeply religious alcoholic gangster from the Mississippi delta
He's a globe-trotting albino firefighter moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's an ungodly devious sorceror with a passion for fast cars
He's a benighted flyboy werewolf on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's a witless bohemian jungle king with acid for blood
He's a suicidal Catholic sorceror on a search for his missing sister
He's a scrappy drug-addicted paramedic who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's a maverick shark-wrestling paramedic with a passion for fast cars
He's a hate-fuelled Catholic gentleman spy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
He's a maverick neurotic hairdresser possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
He's an oversexed crooked Green Beret gone bad
He's a one-legged crooked dog-catcher fleeing from a secret government programme
He's an obese amnesiac boxer on the wrong side of the law
He's a witless one-eyed master criminal on the edge
He's a jaded shark-wrestling rock star from the Mississippi delta
He's an oversexed arachnophobic dwarf on the run
He's a witless small-town werewolf looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
He's an ungodly voodoo senator on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's a globe-trotting alcoholic shaman for the 21st century
He's a globe-trotting drug-addicted messiah on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's an oversexed moralistic shaman on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's a fast talking guerilla master criminal in a wheelchair
He's a one-legged zombie gangster with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's a time-tossed arachnophobic librarian who knows the secret of the alien invasion
He's a maverick guerilla farmboy moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's an ungodly zombie werewolf who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's a suave Republican messiah who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's a leather-clad ninja cop on a search for his missing sister
He's an uncontrollable ninja barbarian with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's an oversexed drug-addicted master criminal who must take medication to keep him sane
He's a war-weary vegetarian filmmaker on the edge. 
He's a short-sighted coffee-fuelled astronaut  
He's a hate-fuelled pirate stage actor with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's a world-famous bohemian stage actor possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's a suicidal ninja cowboy from the 'hood. 
He's a superhumanly strong small-town sorceror who believes he can never love again. 
He's a world-famous dishevelled barbarian looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a jaded arachnophobic gangster gone bad. 
He's a maverick guitar-strumming librarian on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's an impetuous albino paranormal investigator living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a maverick soccer-playing househusband on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a superhumanly strong pirate vagrant trapped in a world he never made. 
He's a bookish zombie card sharp living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a suave soccer-playing paramedic who believes he can never love again. 
He's a gun-slinging Amish grifter looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a sword-wielding arachnophobic cyborg who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a superhumanly strong flyboy romance novelist in a wheelchair. 
He's a bookish hunchbacked waffle chef on the edge. 
He's a bookish small-town sorceror with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's an ungodly vegetarian romance novelist who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a genetically engineered ninja paramedic looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a sword-wielding albino messiah living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a suave one-eyed assassin living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a jaded arachnophobic cowboy with nothing left to lose. 
He's a suicidal sweet-toothed werewolf searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a suicidal moralistic assassin with a secret. 
He's an old-fashioned playboy grifter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's an unconventional overambitious librarian with nothing left to lose. 
He's a world-famous skateboarding hairdresser who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a leather-clad one-eyed filmmaker plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a sword-wielding zombie jungle king  
He's a lonely voodoo firefighter in a wheelchair. 
He's a lounge-singing small-town Green Beret who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's an all-American coffee-fuelled assassin for the 21st century. 
He's a fiendish umbrella-wielding senator on the run. 
He's a fiendish shark-wrestling gangster who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's an unconventional flyboy card sharp in a wheelchair. 
He's a short-sighted guitar-strumming romance novelist in drag. 
He's an unconventional Amish sorceror on a mission from God. 
He's a hate-fuelled Amish vampire hunter haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's an uncontrollable voodoo cat burglar on a mission from God. 
He's a lounge-singing day-dreaming barbarian fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's a shy arachnophobic waffle chef who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's an obese ninja cowboy from a doomed world. 
He's an underprivileged overambitious stage actor with acid for blood. 
He's a notorious chivalrous waffle chef on the wrong side of the law. 
He's a benighted day-dreaming cop for the 21st century. 
He's a scrappy moralistic ex-con who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a short-sighted overambitious librarian gone bad. 
He's a lounge-singing umbrella-wielding househusband fleeing from a secret government programme. 
